Ruby agent docs updates (#11703)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/ruby-release-notes/ruby-agent-6100364.mdx

releaseDate: '2020-04-08'
version: 6.10.0
downloadLink: 'https://rubygems.org/downloads/newrelic_rpm-6.10.0.364.gem'

> features: ["Error attributes now included on spans with an error or exception"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
features: ["Include error attributes on spans with an error or exception"]
```

> bugs: ["Correctly calculate Content-Length HTTP header"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bugs: ["Calculate Content-Length HTTP header correctly"]
```
